add macro to get columns (#516)
dbt-labs/dbt-utils: README.md

...
```

#### get_columns ([source](macros/sql/get_columns.sql))

> This macro returns the unique columns for a given [relation](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/writing-code-in-dbt/class-reference/#relation) as a comma-separated list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This macro returns the unique columns for a given [relation](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/writing-code-in-dbt/class-reference/#relation) as a Jinja list
```

Right? From what I can see it's returning an iterable list of items, not a comma-separated values that you can drop directly into a query.

Author: Yes, correct. I was thinking in python terms, it returns a list object.
I reworded that to make it more clear.

- optionally exclude columns
- the input values are not case-sensitive (input uppercase or lowercase and it will work!)
- declare whether you want lowercase output values with `output_lower=TRUE` (as Snowflake by default will output values in UPPERCASE)
> Note: The native [`adapter.get_columns_in_relation` macro](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/adapter#get_columns_in_relation) allows you 
to pull column names in a non-filtered fashion, also bringing along with it other (potentially unwanted) information, such as dtype, char_size, numeric_precision, etc.

**Args:**
- `from` (required): a [Relation](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/dbt-classes#relation) (a `ref` or `source`) that contains the list of columns you wish to select from
- `except` (optional, default=`[]`): The name of the columns you wish to exclude. (case-insensitive)

> - `output_lower` (optional, default=`False`): True if you want lowercase outputs. False if you want outputs to be database default (which may be upper or lower depending on database)

Author: I have an unnatural aversion to capital letters, but, I didn't realize passing into lower was that easy, so I would be happy to remove that part. No harm done!

```

#### get_columns ([source](macros/sql/get_columns.sql))
This macro returns an iterable Jinja list of columns for a given [relation](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/writing-code-in-dbt/class-reference/#relation)

**Args:**
- `from` (required): a [Relation](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/dbt-classes#relation) (a `ref` or `source`) that contains the list of columns you wish to select from

> - `except` (optional, default=`[]`): The name of the columns you wish to exclude

Author: For posterity:
